Update metadata.md (#7618)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_contributing/yaml_front_matter/metadata.md

### Hide heading from table of contents

> The `toc_headers` key is used specify which heading levels to display in the in-page table of contents (TOC). Any heading level not listed will be hidden from the TOC. Keep in mind, `toc_headers` cannot be used to hide a specific heading from the TOC&#8212;it will always hide _all_ headers for any heading level not listed.
> 
> This key accepts the following string values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all heading levels are shown. To only display certain heading levels in the table of contents, use the `toc_headers` key. Only the heading levels you specify will be shown in the table of contents. Keep in mind, `toc_headers` cannot be used to hide a specific heading from the TOC&#8212;it will always hide _all_ headers for any heading level not listed.

This key accepts the following string values:
```
